Update docs for CRIContainerLogRotation (#26799)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/policy/resource-quotas.md

| `limits.ephemeral-storage` | Across all pods in the namespace, the sum of local ephemeral storage limits cannot exceed this value. |
| `ephemeral-storage` | Same as `requests.ephemeral-storage`. |

> Note that when using a CRI container runtime, container logs will count against the ephermal storage quota. This can result in the unexpected eviction of pods that have exhausted their storage quotas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note >}}

When using a CRI container runtime, container logs will count against the ephemeral storage quota. This can result in the unexpected eviction of pods that have exhausted their storage quotas. Refer to [Logging Architecture](/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/logging/) for details.

{{< /note >}}
```

Author: Fixed
